README.md, before:

studio-nea.de
=============

<img src="http://getkirby.com/assets/images/github/plainkit.jpg" width="300">

**Kirby: the CMS that adapts to any project, loved by developers and editors alike.**  
The Plainkit is a minimal Kirby setup with the basics you need to start a project from scratch. It is the ideal choice if you are already familiar with Kirby and want to start step-by-step.

You can learn more about Kirby at [getkirby.com](https://getkirby.com).

### Try Kirby for free  
You can try Kirby and the Plainkit on your local machine or on a test server as long as you need to make sure it is the right tool for your next project. … and when you’re convinced, [buy your license](https://getkirby.com/buy).

### Get going
Read our guide on [how to get started with Kirby](https://getkirby.com/docs/guide/quickstart).

You can [download the latest version](https://github.com/getkirby/plainkit/archive/main.zip) of the Plainkit.  
If you are familiar with Git, you can clone Kirby's Plainkit repository from Github.

    git clone https://github.com/getkirby/plainkit.git

## What's Kirby?
- **[getkirby.com](https://getkirby.com)** – Get to know the CMS.
- **[Try it](https://getkirby.com/try)** – Take a test ride with our online demo. Or download one of our kits to get started.
- **[Documentation](https://getkirby.com/docs/guide)** – Read the official guide, reference and cookbook recipes.
- **[Issues](https://github.com/getkirby/kirby/issues)** – Report bugs and other problems.
- **[Feedback](https://feedback.getkirby.com)** – You have an idea for Kirby? Share it.
- **[Forum](https://forum.getkirby.com)** – Whenever you get stuck, don't hesitate to reach out for questions and support.
- **[Discord](https://chat.getkirby.com)** – Hang out and meet the community.
- **[Twitter](https://twitter.com/getkirby)** – Spread the word.
- **[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/getkirby/)** – Share your creations: #madewithkirby.

---

© 2009-2020 Bastian Allgeier (Bastian Allgeier GmbH)  
[getkirby.com](https://getkirby.com) · [License agreement](https://getkirby.com/license)

Commit message:

Add some documentation how to work on files

README.md, after:

studio-nea.de
=============

# Workspace Setup

In order to modify files you can either use the GitHub UI directly or checkout a local copy of the source code. For that it is recommended to use their [desktop app](https://desktop.github.com/).

## Setup via Desktop App

First download the app from [their website](https://desktop.github.com/). Once installed please log-in. Make sure your account got invited to the [Studio-Nea](https://github.com/Studio-Nea?type=source) GitHub organisation and has access to this repository. You should see the repository being listed on the right side:

![GitHub App](./.github/assets/listedProject.png "GitHub App lists the target repository")

Select it and click on `Clone Studio-Nea/studio-nea.de`. A modal will ask you for the Local Path to clone the source code to. Pick a directory that works for you (ideally where you have setup MAMP or whatever PHP server you use for local development) and submit with clicking on `Clone`.

## Make Changes

You can now make changes to your local copy of the source code. After you are done you will see all changes in the GitHub app, e.g.:

![Changes GitHub App](./.github/assets/changes.png "Changes in GitHub App")

Have a check if all these changes are correct and if so commit them. You can do this by adding a comment about what you changed in the input box at the bottom right (next to your profile icon). If you like to add a broader description, use the textarea to do so but it is not mandatory. Only writing a short commit message is required.

## Push Changes Upstream

After you are done, you can push changes upstream. For that click on the button in the main window or at the top of the app, e.g.:

![Changes GitHub App](./.github/assets/pushUpstream.png "Changes in GitHub App")

That's it!

# Deployment

All changes to the `main` branch are automatically uploaded to the FTP server. No action required.
